Dear Ayush,

We're delighted to offer you the position of Software Engineer Level I (Grade- P03), at Fusemachines Nepal Pvt. Ltd with 2 years of the bond agreement including 6 months of the probationary period. Please review the following terms for your anticipated employment with us.



Your total gross salary will be Rs. 65,000/- per month (including Rs. 14,000/- basic salary, grade, applicable taxes, SSF & allowances). The net salary will also be after the deduction of 31% (deposited in the SSF account) of the basic salary. 



Work Hours: Our office operates from Monday to Friday. Office time is 9 AM to 6 PM NPT including the lunch hour. The working hours may change as per the requirement from the office.


Facilities:
1. Friendly Learning Environment

a. On the job / Off the job training

b. Online training sponsored by the company as and when required.

c. Learning & Development Hours                                                                                                                                                           

2. Five Working Days a week

3. Stress-free Environment including recreational zone which includes Table Tennis, Carrom, Jenga, Ludo, etc along with musical instruments.

4. Subsidies Self Pay Rooftop Canteen

5. Dashain Allowances

6. Social Security Fund

7. Working Time Flexibility (Condition Applied)

8. Accidental Insurance 

9. COVID Leave

10. Interdepartmental Transfer Facility (Condition Applied)

11. Creative Communication Team to facilitate all the extra fun curricular

12. Annual Tour / Outing

13. Futsal / Dance Classes

14. Last Friday Events including Birthday Celebrations



and most importantly, an Openwork culture.

Kindly let us know your joining date and acknowledge this email by 16th Feb (Wednesday). 

We would like to request you to maintain the confidentiality of the offered salary amount. After the confirmation of the joining date, we will send you further official documents. 

Looking forward to hearing from you and kindly feel free to contact us (9843096947 - Unika) for any further queries.

Thank you.

P.S. Please find the tentative cash in hand amount as per your request. This salary tax calculation is an estimated calculation, not an actual calculation. The company can facilitate the staff to open a CIT account to save the tax.

